The prepare process is started by clicking the Prepare IP button.
The user is then asked to type a label for the new IP
and can optionally enter a custom identifier value.
When clicking the IP row in the list view
the user can chose which Submission Agreement(SA)-profile to use.
The Submission Agreement fields can be viewed by clicking the View button
When the user is satisfied, he/she locks it by clicking the lock button.
The user can edit profiles by clicking the Edit button in the profile table
which will allow the user to edit the data of the profile fields for that specific profile.
When done, click save and a new version of the profile data will be saved and made the current version.
The IP can now be prepared by clicking the Prepare-button.
When IP is Prepared it is no longer visible in the Prepare IP list but  be found in the Collect content list view.
The user may upload single files or folders by navigating to prefered location in the file browser and clicking upload
or by dragging the file(s) from a folder to the drop are and drop them.
When upload is completed, click Done. The IP can now be found in the Create SIP list view.